Fix logic issues in predator prey model and tune parameters (#27)
carpentries-incubator/pando-python: episodes/profiling-lines.md

   292
   293  61656593    4273085.0      0.1      4.6                      if distance < closest_prey:
   294     13067        921.0      0.1      0.0                          prey_index = i
   295     13067        843.0      0.1      0.0                          closest_prey = distance
   296
   297    735158     189561.0      0.3      0.2              if prey_index >= 0:
   298                                                           # Add grass eaten message
   299     12078       2743.0      0.2      0.0                  prey_list[prey_index].life += GAIN_FROM_FOOD_PREY
   300
   301                                                           # Update grass agent variables
   302     12078       1244.0      0.1      0.0                  self.dead_cycles = 0
   303     12078       3132.0      0.3      0.0                  self.available = 0
```

From the profiling output it can be seen that lines 285-287 occupy almost 80% of the method's runtime!

```python
            for i in range(len(prey_list)):
                prey = prey_list[i]
                if prey.life < PREY_HUNGER_THRESH:
```

> Given that the following line 289 only has a relative 4.8% time, it can be understood that the vast majority of times the condition `prey.life < PREY_HUNGER_THRESH` is evaluated it does not proceed.

Reviewer: I agree, referring to hits is probably clearer. Could also reword the rest of that sentence a little:
```suggestion
Given that these lines have 271.3 million hits, while the following lines only has 61.7 million, it appears that the vast majority of times, the condition `prey.life < PREY_HUNGER_THRESH` is not fulfilled.
```
